**This project contains the files for git actions**
This line was added from github.com

## Quiz questions
### Question #0
You have the following files in your project directory:
```
julien@ubuntu:/tmp/git_project$ ls
0-test  0-test~ #0-test# file1  file2
```
You've edited ``0-test`` and you want to add it to your GitHub repo. What is the correct command to add **only** ``0-test``?
- [ ] git add .
- [ ] git add -N 0-test
- [x] git add 0-test
```
Tips:
You should learn what each of these commands would actually do if you were to execute them!
```

### Question #1
What command can you use to see what changes have been staged, which havent, and which files arent being tracked by Git?
- [ ] git init
- [x] git status
- [ ] git checkout


# Tasks
## 0. Repo-session
Create a new directory called ``0x03-git`` in your ``holbertonschool-zero_day`` repo. Make sure you include a ``README.md`` in your directory.

## 1. Coding fury road
For the moment we have an empty project directory containing only a ``README.md``. Its time to code!
- Create these directories at the root of your project: ``bash``, ``c``, ``j``
- Create these empty files:
  - ``c/c_is_fun.c``
  - ``js/main.js``
  - ``js/index.js``
- Create a file ``bash/holberton`` with these two lines inside: ``#!/bin/bash`` and ``echo "Holberton"``
- Create a file ``bash/school`` with these two lines inside: ``#!/bin/bash`` and ``echo "School"``
- Add all these new files to git
- Commit your changes (message: "Starting to code today, so cool") and push to the remote server

## 2. Collaboration is the base of a company
A branch is like a copy of your project. Its used mainly for:
- adding a feature in development
- collaborating on the same project with other developers
- not breaking your entire repository
- not upsetting your co-workers

The purpose of a branch is to isolate your work from the main code base of your project and/or from your co-workers work.
For this project, create a branch ``update_script`` and in this branch:
- Create an empty file named ``bash/98``
- Update ``bash/holberton`` by replacing ``echo "Holberton"`` with echo ``"Holberton School"``
- Update ``bash/school`` by replacing ``echo "School"`` with ``echo "The school is open!"``
- Add and commit these changes (message: "My personal work")
-	Push this new branch [Tips](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/s_Det7cYJiyRZDlbZgQmeA)

Perfect! You did an amazing update in your project and its isolated correctly from the **main** branch.
Ho wait, your manager needs a quick fix in your project and it needs to be deployed now:
-	Change branch to ``main``
-	Update the file ``bash/holberton`` by replacing ``echo "Holberton"`` with ``echo "Holberton School is so cool!"``
-	Delete the directory ``js``
-	Commit your changes (message: "Hot fix") and push to the origin
Ouf, hot fix is done!

## 3. Collaboration: be up to date
Of course, you can also work on the same branch as your co-workers and its best if you keep up to date with their changes.
For this task - **and only for this task** - please update your file ``README.md`` in the main branch from GitHub.com. Its the **only time** you are allowed to update and commit from GitHub interface.
After you have done that, in your terminal:
- Get all changes of the main branch locally (i.e. your ``README.md`` file will be updated)
- Create a new file ``up_to_date`` at the root of your directory and in it, write the git command line used
-	Add ``up_to_date`` to git, commit (message: How to be up to date in git), and push to the origin

## 4. HAAA what did you do???
Collaboration is cool, but not really when you update the same file at the same time...
To illustrate that, please merge the branch ``update_script`` to ``main``: "Cool, all my changes will be now part of the main branch, ready to be deployed!"
**HHHHHHHAAAAAAAA**
```
CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in bash/holberton
```
As you can see, you have conflicts between two branches on the same file.
Your goal now is to resolve conflicts by using the version of the branch ``update_script``, and push the result to the origin.
At the end, you should have all your work from the branch ``update_script`` (new file and two updated files) and all latest ``main`` commits (new files, delete folder, etc.), without conflicts.

## [5. Never push too much](.gitignore)
Create a ``.gitignore`` file and define a rule to never push ``~`` files (generated by Emacs). [Tips](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/0ANsyvhObT_TYAToY8-lbA)
